hello people, we are going to make a
mouth color lip tip
but natural as the tone used in the middle and
so let's go to the step by step
So we'll start with the base.
use that which is a medium pipe
Look at this true-to-life color of lips
base to break some of this rose
you saw it now and then
distressed the color of lipstick that I intend
I've already won and half almost never
but then I do not want to always paint the
lips
so I use base to break this color
strong as she applied a lipstick
So today we 're going to go out first and
button cute sneaker or pink apply
not like that without stopping a little bit him well
clear
slightly
and then we can use it now it can be a
Light pink but wear it pink rose
gum going
I will apply it in the center of the lips
I mix
and left in the center looks just very cool
It's natural, it's cool because it's a new
way of using your mouth because people
ends up doing everything in the same tone
and it gets very natural
if you have spent what you like and leave
doubt or your comment
the one after the blog a kiss and until the next